feat(alerts): adds support for signal_seasonality for NRQL baseline conditions (#2844)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/r/nrql_alert_condition.html.markdown

- `aggregation_timer` - (Optional) How long we wait after each data point arrives to make sure we've processed the whole batch. Use `aggregation_timer` with the `event_timer` method. The timer value can range from 0 seconds to 1200 seconds (20 minutes); the default is 60 seconds. `aggregation_timer` cannot be set with `nrql.evaluation_offset`.
- `evaluation_delay` - (Optional) How long we wait until the signal starts evaluating. The maximum delay is 7200 seconds (120 minutes).
- `slide_by` - (Optional) Gathers data in overlapping time windows to smooth the chart line, making it easier to spot trends. The `slide_by` value is specified in seconds and must be smaller than and a factor of the `aggregation_window`.

> - `signal_seasonality` - (Optional) Seasonality under which a condition's signal(s) are evaluated. Only available for baseline conditions. Valid values are: 'HOURLY', 'DAILY', 'WEEKLY', 'NONE', or null. To have New Relic calculate seasonality automatically, set to null. To turn off seasonality completely, set to 'NONE'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `signal_seasonality` - (Optional) Seasonality under which a condition's signal(s) are evaluated. Only available for baseline conditions. Valid values are: `HOURLY`, `DAILY`, `WEEKLY`, `NONE`, or `null`. To have New Relic calculate seasonality automatically, set to `null`. To turn off seasonality completely, set to `NONE`.
```

To be consistent with other items, please backtick the explicit values (e.g., see `fill_option` or `aggregation_method`)

  # baseline type only
  baseline_direction = "upper_only"

>   signal_seasonality = "none"

Reviewer 2: how about adding a valid `signal_seasonality` here like `HOURLY` or `DAILY`? @akane0915

Author: `NONE` is a valid `signal_seasonality` but I can update it anyways.
